README.md, before:

# "Hello, Triangle" WebGPU and Dawn

[![MSVC workflow](https://github.com/cwoffenden/hello-webgpu/actions/workflows/msbuild.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cwoffenden/hello-webgpu/actions/workflows/msbuild.yml) [![Xcode workflow](https://github.com/cwoffenden/hello-webgpu/actions/workflows/xcode.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cwoffenden/hello-webgpu/actions/workflows/xcode.yml) [![Emscripten workflow](https://github.com/cwoffenden/hello-webgpu/actions/workflows/emscripten.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cwoffenden/hello-webgpu/actions/workflows/emscripten.yml)

Starter project for C++ [WebGPU](//gpuweb.github.io/gpuweb/)/[Emscripten](//emscripten.org) and [Dawn](//dawn.googlesource.com/dawn). Build for Windows using Visual Studio from 2015 onwards. Build for Emscripten using CMake (or on Windows using `build-web.bat`). Tested with Chrome Canary 82.0 with the `--enable-unsafe-webgpu` flag. Build for Mac using the Xcode project (tested with Xcode 11 & 12 and macOS 10.14, 10.15 & 11 beta).

The included `libdawn` is pre-built for Windows/MSVC and Mac; [see instructions](lib/README.md) if you wish to build it yourself for Windows (out of the box Dawn on Windows builds with [Depot Tools](https://commondatastorage.googleapis.com/chrome-infra-docs/flat/depot_tools/docs/html/depot_tools.html)/Clang so MSVC's linker fails with the exposed `std` types).

![Chrome and native side-by-side](screenshot.png)

Dawn is Apache 2.0 licensed (see [LICENSE](lib/dawn/LICENSE)). The example code is released under a [Creative Commons Zero license](//creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) (or Public Domain, whichever is applicable in your jurisdiction).

Commit message:

Added build notes for the browser

README.md, after:

# "Hello, Triangle" WebGPU and Dawn

[![MSVC workflow](https://github.com/cwoffenden/hello-webgpu/actions/workflows/msbuild.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cwoffenden/hello-webgpu/actions/workflows/msbuild.yml) [![Xcode workflow](https://github.com/cwoffenden/hello-webgpu/actions/workflows/xcode.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cwoffenden/hello-webgpu/actions/workflows/xcode.yml) [![Emscripten workflow](https://github.com/cwoffenden/hello-webgpu/actions/workflows/emscripten.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cwoffenden/hello-webgpu/actions/workflows/emscripten.yml)

Starter project for C++ [WebGPU](//gpuweb.github.io/gpuweb/)/[Emscripten](//emscripten.org) and [Dawn](//dawn.googlesource.com/dawn). Build for Windows using Visual Studio from 2015 onwards. Build for Emscripten using CMake (or on Windows using `build-web.bat`). Build for Mac using the Xcode project (tested with Xcode 11 & 12 and macOS 10.14, 10.15 & 11 beta).

Due to the changing nature of the API, browser compatibility is usually limited to the version as of the latest commit. Currently tested and working with Chrome Canary 100.0.4851.0 (with the `--enable-unsafe-webgpu` flag) and Emscripten 3.1.2. 

The included `libdawn` is pre-built for Windows/MSVC and Mac; [see instructions](lib/README.md) if you wish to build it yourself for Windows (out of the box Dawn on Windows builds with [Depot Tools](https://commondatastorage.googleapis.com/chrome-infra-docs/flat/depot_tools/docs/html/depot_tools.html)/Clang so MSVC's linker fails with the exposed `std` types).

![Chrome and native side-by-side](screenshot.png)

Dawn is Apache 2.0 licensed (see [LICENSE](lib/dawn/LICENSE)). The example code is released under a [Creative Commons Zero license](//creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) (or Public Domain, whichever is applicable in your jurisdiction).
